Hey
Which young man was rejected?
What a waste
Hey stuff
Go, go, go, go
You don't know
A man knocked on our door just now.
What should he be?
He asked me anything, and I told him everything.
Hey, but
Fortunately, I woke up in time and took him away
The way that man looked at me
Just want to swallow me alive
Haha, the population flow in our community is quite large.
I also heard about an apology the other day.
The three of us have to be careful in the future
I'll go online and buy a surveillance camera to install the door.
Call me in advance when you get off work late in the future
I'll pick you up downstairs
Okay, that's good.
This, but that guy is pretty good-looking.
Miss
Don't be deceived by the good looks of bad men
But that guy is really good-looking.
Hey, okay, go, go, go
Forget it. Forget it.
I must have read it wrong.
I bought a piece for the station manager
How could it possibly appear at my door?